when I first got the call from the
producers from Strictly Come Dancing
asking me to take part I was really
really excited and then about two things
like I really really nervous they get
all my goodness I've never danced a step
in my life I think I'm most looking
forward to getting that first dance out
the way same as anyone at a wedding
really just want to do it get it right
and move on because I think the first
one is probably going to be the most
nerve-racking for me I think my favorite
is probably Austin Healey who's just
done because he's not come from a
dancing background he's come from a
sporty background and although I'm not
professional sportsman of course I am I
am a sporty person with zero dancing
experience so he's done so incredibly
well and I'd like to perhaps follow his
footsteps if I had to pick one dance I'm
particularly worried about it's probably
the Argentine tango it's also my
favourite dance but I have seen it it's
incredible and I can't see myself and
million years doing it if I could ever
do it and pull it off die happy okay
folks make sure you watching me rev
Wilding on Strictly Come Dancing in the
autumn on BBC one